# Enrollment-Management-System
Enrollment system made easy! This system aims to minimize the effort and stressful time of everyone during enrolment process. This is a user-friendly system, so it is easy for everyone to use the system most especially its functionality. There will be no more manual enrolment transaction that took a lot of time of work because this computerized enrolment system is way better that it can help save time, money and alleviate stress. This system is made of Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 and MS Access Database.  These are the following features of the system. Student Adding new Student Search for Records Update Student Information List of Students Change Status Subject Add Subject at every year level Search Subject at every year level Student Subjects Grades Adding Grades to the Student Subjects List of Students with Grades Report Print Students by Year Print Transferees students Print Failed students Print Drop Students Manage Users Settings Add Year Add School Year Add Subjects Feel free to download the source code and modify in the way you wanted. The source code has 2 versions, 1 is the original version system developed using Microsft Visual Studio 2015 and the other is version that is upgraded so the project could run as it is using Microsoft Visual Studio 2019. Follow the instructions below on how to run the project How to Run Requirements Download and Install Microsoft Visual Studio 2015 or 2019. Microsoft Visual Studio Download and Install Microsft Office or Microsoft Access Database Engine Download and Install Crystal Reports Run the Project Download and Extract the zip file.(download button is located below) Locate the "EnrollmentSystemII.sln" file in the extracted file. Open the solution or ".sln" file with your Microsft Visual Studio Software. Press "F5" key on your keyboard to run the project
